Autopipelining (#1)
ShogunPanda/ioredis: API.md

| [options.reconnectOnError] | <code>function</code> |  | See "Quick Start" section |
| [options.readOnly] | <code>boolean</code> | <code>false</code> | Enable READONLY mode for the connection. Only available for cluster mode. |
| [options.stringNumbers] | <code>boolean</code> | <code>false</code> | Force numbers to be always returned as JavaScript strings. This option is necessary when dealing with big numbers (exceed the [-2^53, +2^53] range). |

> | [options.enableAutoPipelining] | <code>boolean</code> | <code>false</code> | When enabled, all commands issued during an event loop iteration are automatically wrapped in a pipeline and sent to the server at the same time. This can dramatically improve performance. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [options.enableAutoPipelining] | <code>boolean</code> | <code>false</code> | When enabled, all commands issued during an event loop iteration are automatically wrapped in a pipeline and sent to the server at the same time. This can improve performance by 30-50%. |
```
